The next thing that I am going to take you through is your e-commerce application.
Let's start with adding some tests or some JUnits to our e-commerce application.
For the sake of convenience,
I have already downloaded the project on my local,
and you can do that by cloning the Git repository,
but I'm expecting that you already have that in your local.
So the first thing that I would do is I would go to
the Maven repository and look for the dependencies that I need.
So I'm going to add the JUnit dependency,
and this is the first thing that shows up,
and I'm going to go and add that to my POM.
Now that we have added the JUnit dependency in our POM,
I'm going to go ahead and create a test utils under test.
So here under this package,
I'm going to create another test class called TestUtils.
Now, the purpose of this test class is just to be able to help us to inject object.
So I'm going to create a static void message,
let me call this injectObjects,
and what I want to pass here is a target,
a fieldName, and an object that I'm going to inject.
So here we go.
I'm going to add an object called target and a fieldName.
Now I'm going to write this method.
I'm going to first ask for a flag.
I would call it wasPrivate,
which I'm going to make it as false,
and what I'm going to do next is I'm going to call getClass on the target,
and then I'm going to call getDeclaredField.
So there are two of these methods,
one returns the array of field and the second one returns just the field.
I'm going to use this, and I'm going to inject what I'm going to pass fieldName into it.
Now, what this will do is this is going to give me an object of field through reflection.
So let me introduce a local variable first of all,
and I'm going to call it f for now.
In real-life situation, you would not really use f,
you will use something more meaningful.
But let me also look at why IntelliJ is complaining.
It says, "Add exception to message signature."
Now, IntelliJ again comes in very handy.
It gives you two options,
either to add exception to method signature or surround it with try/catch.
So I'm going to surround it with try/catch here,
and the method that it throws is no such field exception, which is fine.
Now, the next thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to check if f is accessible or not.
So I'm going to call isAccessible method on it.
If it is not accessible,
I'm going to setAccessible to
true and I would change wasPrivate to true.
So let me explain what I did over here.
What I did here was I checked whether the field that I got was it private,
or accessibility is just going to make sure
that it's just going to find out if it is private or not.
So in terms of the documentation, it says,
"Get the value of accessible flag of the object,
and return the value of objects flag."
So pretty much if it is a private field,
it's going to say accessible false.
If it is not a private field,
then it will say accessible true.
So those were the accessibility of
variables which you must have learned in the very beginning of the course.
So here what I did was I just took the value of isAccessible from f that I just write,
and I set it to true if it is not accessible and I changed wasPrivate to true.
Now the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to set target,
and I'm going to set a target with the object that I want to inject.
I'm going to again use the IntelliJ feature, add catch.
So that caught illegal access exception,
and the next thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to check if it was private.
So the flag would have been set by the time it reaches this piece of the code,
and I'm going to set the accessibility on it again.
That's pretty much it.
So this is my complete test utils,
and next thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to write
some test for user control class,
and we'll learn how to write test class for Spring Boot application.